Fix(input): recognize release of caps lock(fast forward) even when game window is not in front. (#9676)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

	`Toggle whether the game is in fullscreen mode.`

tip "Toggle fast-forward"

> 	`Toggle a 3x speed fast-forward. Fast-forward may be automatically deactivated by the "Interrupt fast-forward" setting. If the key is set to caps-lock it will also be updated when the game window is not in focus.`

Reviewer: How about this instead?
```suggestion
	`Toggle a 3x speed fast-forward. Fast-forward may be automatically deactivated by the "Interrupt fast-forward" setting. If the key is set to caps-lock then the state of the caps-lock will be used to determine the fast-forward state.`
```

Author: Sounds good to me
